ROX-31191: Announce manifest install deprecation (#17166)
stackrox/stackrox: CHANGELOG.md

  - `--admission-controller-timeout`
  Using them has no effect.
- The current hierarchical implementation for defining Collections is deprecated and will be replaced by a more comprehensive search-based definition in the future.

> - The manifest install method is now deprecated and will be removed in the future.

Reviewer: This is a bit terse. Some users might not be aware that this is what they are using.
Perhaps we should:
- mention the roxctl commands and UI pages that are involved
- mention that users should switch to operator (if available) or helm

  - `--admission-controller-timeout`
  Using them has no effect.
- The current hierarchical implementation for defining Collections is deprecated and will be replaced by a more comprehensive search-based definition in the future.

> - The manifest install method is now deprecated and will be removed in the future. Manifest install is currently done using the roxctl command line utility, or by choosing the "Legacy installation method" in the UI. Users should switch to Operator or Helm installation.

Reviewer: The problem is that it's also possible to use helm via `roxctl helm output`, so there is room for confusion. Let's be a bit more precise
```suggestion
- The manifest install method is now deprecated and will be removed in the future. Manifest install is currently done using the `roxctl {central,sensor,scanner} generate` command line utility, or by choosing the "Legacy installation method" in the UI. Users should switch to Operator or Helm installation.
```

> - The manifest install method is now deprecated and will be removed in the future. Manifest install is currently done using the `roxctl {central,sensor,scanner} generate` command line utility, or by choosing the "Legacy installation method" in the UI. Users should switch to Operator or Helm installation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The manifest install method is now deprecated and will be removed in the future. Manifest install is currently done using the `roxctl {central,sensor,scanner} generate` command line utility, or by choosing the "Legacy installation method" in the RHACS portal. Users should switch to Operator or Helm installation.
```
suggestion - otherwise LGTM
